title,content
Resistor,A resistor is a passive electrical component that limits the flow of electric current.
Capacitor,A capacitor stores electrical energy in an electric field, used in various electronic circuits.
Inductor,An inductor stores energy in a magnetic field when electric current flows through it.
Diode,A diode allows current to flow in one direction only, used for rectification.
Transistor,A transistor is a semiconductor device used to amplify or switch electronic signals.
Integrated Circuit,An IC is a set of electronic circuits on a small flat piece of semiconductor material.
Microcontroller,A microcontroller is a compact integrated circuit designed to govern a specific operation in an embedded system.
Oscillator,An oscillator is a circuit that generates a continuous output waveform.
Transformer,A transformer transfers electrical energy between two or more circuits through electromagnetic induction.
Battery,A battery stores chemical energy and converts it to electrical energy.
Breadboard,A breadboard is used for prototyping electronics without soldering.
Multimeter,A multimeter is a device that measures voltage, current, and resistance.
Relay,A relay is an electrically operated switch used to control a circuit by a low-power signal.
Sensor,A sensor detects changes in the environment and sends information to other electronics.
PCB,A printed circuit board mechanically supports and electrically connects electronic components.
LED,A light-emitting diode emits light when an electric current passes through it.
Fuse,A fuse protects electronic circuits by breaking the connection if the current is too high.
Switch,A switch controls the flow of electricity by opening or closing the circuit.
Antenna,An antenna transmits and receives electromagnetic waves.
Amplifier,An amplifier increases the power of a signal.
Circuit Breaker,A circuit breaker automatically stops the flow of electricity in a circuit as a safety measure.
Potentiometer,A potentiometer is a three-terminal resistor with a sliding contact that forms an adjustable voltage divider.
Crystal Oscillator,A crystal oscillator uses the mechanical resonance of a vibrating crystal to create an electrical signal.
Operational Amplifier,An operational amplifier is a voltage amplifying device used in various electronic circuits.
Rectifier,A rectifier converts alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC).


